Improve massastation doc (#227)
massalabs/docs: docs/massaStation/troubleshooting.mdx

#### Linux

If you used the GUI installation method, please try to install Massa Station using the [Terminal method](/docs/massaStation/install#terminal-installation-using-apt).

If you used the Terminal installation method, please send us the output of the command you used to install Massa Station.

## Massa Station

### Massa Station isn't starting

To check what is happening, you can open Massa Station logs. See [Get Massa Station logs](#get-massa-station-logs) to know how to get them.

Once you have the logs, please go at the end of the file and look for the last error. If you see an error like this:

```
listen tcp :80: bind: address already in use
```

That means that another application is already using the port 80. You can either stop the application using the port 80 or change its port.

### When opening Massa Station, I get a page with the error "DNS_PROBE_FINISHED_NXDOMAIN"

This error means that your computer can't resolve the domain name of Massa Station. This can happen in multiple cases:

#### The DNS server isn't installed

If you unselected the option to install the DNS server during the installation of Massa Station, `.massa` domain names can't be resolved.

> To fix this, you can either reinstall Massa Station and make sure to select the option to install the DNS server

Author: It was to avoid saying explicitly "For Windows users, if you..." since we should handle those options later for MacOS and Linux
And MacOS and Linux users don't have the option, so they can skip it right away

> To fix this, you can either reinstall Massa Station and make sure to select the option to install the DNS server

Reviewer: tbh as MacOS users I don't know what I'd do here. It's not such a memorable thing - the option you selected during installation (and whether you had one).

---
id: troubleshooting
title: Troubleshooting
---

> ### Get Massa Station logs

Reviewer: Overall comment on Troubleshooting: 

1. It is unclear why I need to get logs, when I open the Troubleshooting page for the first time. Add an intro section specifying the purpose and structure of the page. 
2. Is it possible to indicate sections of the page in the side menu, or as a table of contents? 
3. Logs section should be moved to the last place and renamed to "Troubleshooting with Logs". We also must explain why do we ask for logs like:
In case you face errors with installation and usage of Massa Station that are not listed in the FAQ or in this page, we will need information about your error to be sent to us on Github.

This section will help you get the logs from the Massa Station. Please follow the instructions for your operating system.

Once you have the logs, please open a new issue on the
[Massa Station repository](https://github.com/massalabs/station/issues/new?assignees=&labels=issue%3Abug&projects=&template=bug.md&title=)
and attach the logs to your issue so we can help you.

#### Windows

1. Copy `C:\Program Files (x86)\MassaStation\logs\`
2. Press **Win + R**, a small window with a text box should open.
3. Paste the previously copied text in the window and press **Enter**.
4. A File Explorer window should appear in a the Massa Station logs directory
5. In this directory, search for the file named `massastation.log`

#### MacOS

1. Copy this path: /usr/local/share/massastation/logs/
2. Open finder
3. Click on the "Go" button at the top of your screen
   ![Go button](troubleshooting-finder-go.png)
4. Click on the "Go to folder..." button at the bottom of the menu
5. Paste the path you copied previously
6. Press **Enter**

> You should be able to see 2 logs file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should be able to see 2 log files:
```

- `massastation.log`
- `massastation-repair.log`

> 

Reviewer: Ok so do we ask them to send to the Github issue both of these files or they must choose? The flow is not done.

#### Linux

It is located in `/usr/local/share/massastation/logs`. You can access it using the Files app or with a terminal using `cd`.
Once in the directory, search for the file named `massastation.log`.

### Massa Station isn't starting

To check what is happening, you can open the Massa Station logs. See [Get Massa Station logs](#get-massa-station-logs) to know how to get them.

Once you have the logs, please go at the end of the file and look for the last error. If you see an error like this:

```
listen tcp :80: bind: address already in use
```

That means that another application is already using the port 80. You can either stop the application using the port 80 or change its port.

### When opening Massa Station, I get a page with the error "DNS_PROBE_FINISHED_NXDOMAIN"

This error means that your computer can't resolve the domain name of the Massa Station. This might be because you

> unselected the option to install the DNS server during the installation of the Massa Station.

Reviewer: I'd improve this answer. It seems we have 2 solutions to a problem: a) in case DNS server is not installed, you need to install it  or b) if DNS server is installed, check within browser UI. 

For a) "....make sure to select the option to install the DNS server...." -> How to do this? Users should have the answer here.

For b): How to know if the DNS server is installed? Tell that to the reader so that he can identify if he needs to go around his browser UI to solve the problem or not.
